README.md, before:

# WP Media Crawler

Dev: [![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/Hercilio1/wp-media-crawler.svg?branch=dev)](https://app.travis-ci.com/Hercilio1/wp-media-crawler)

Master: [![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/Hercilio1/wp-media-crawler.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/Hercilio1/wp-media-crawler)

Repository template for our packages

# Usage
When creating a new repository for a package or a plugin, select this repository as the template. It will initialize the new repository with all the structure & files contained in the template.


# Content
* `bin/install-wp-tests.sh`: installer for WordPress tests suite
* `.editorconfig`: config file for your IDE to follow our coding standards
* `.gitattributes`: list of directories & files excluded from export
* `.gitignore`: list of directories & files excluded from versioning
* `.travis.yml`: Travis-CI configuration file
* `composer.json`: Base composer file to customize for the project
* `LICENSE`: License file using GPLv3
* `phpcs.xml`: Base PHP Code Sniffer configuration file to customize for the project
* `README.md`: The readme displayed on Github, to customize for the project

Commit message:

README updated with the plugin instructions

README.md, after:

# WP Media Crawler

Master: [![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/Hercilio1/wp-media-crawler.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/Hercilio1/wp-media-crawler)

Dev: [![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/Hercilio1/wp-media-crawler.svg?branch=dev)](https://app.travis-ci.com/Hercilio1/wp-media-crawler)

## Installing locally

This is a plugin WordPress, so you need to clone this repo into the WordPress plugins folder, enter the folder and run the following commands:
```
$ composer install
```

After that, you just need to activate the plugin in the WordPress Admin.

## Installing online

First, follow the [installing locally guide](#markdown-header-installing-locally). Then, you will need to use a system based on Unix (MacOS, Linux, Windows WSL) to follow the next steps.

1. Install WP CLI and [WP CLI Dist Archive](https://developer.wordpress.org/cli/commands/dist-archive/).

2. Run the following command. It will generate a .zip in the previous folder (outside the plugin repo folder) with the name of the plugin. Use it to install the plugin into WordPress through the [Admin page](https://wordpress.org/documentation/article/manage-plugins/#upload-via-wordpress-admin).
	```
	$ composer build
	```

## Usage

The plugin will automatically run and schedule a task for crawling the home page links and create a sitemap.html. You can access it in 2 ways.

1. Public access. Just access your website DNS with the following path: `/sitemap.html`. If you get a 404 error, try the next step to make sure there are no errors.

2. Admin access. Through the submenu under the "Tools" menu (as shown below), you can see the sitemap table or run the crawler task manually.

	![Tools submenu](./doc/wp-media-crawler-submenu.png)
